Breaking Config options into files (#2038)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/mediaembed_max_width.md

### `mediaembed_max_width`

> This optional setting specifies a maximum width in pixels of the embedded content. Defaults to `650`.

Reviewer: This uses `setting` if you're worried.

Author: ```suggestion
This option specifies a maximum width in pixels of the embedded content. Defaults to `650`.
```
